Test Scenario 1:

Checking the Login Functionalities as a basic, premium, admin user.

Test Steps:

Basic User:

1.Log in as a basic user.
2. Trying to use all the features such as basic, premium, admin settings.

Expected Result:

The basic user should have access only to limited features. When trying to access premium or admin-only features, we will get “Access Denied” or similar error message.

Premium User:

1.Log in as a Premium user.
2. Trying to use all the features such as premium, admin settings.

Expected Result:

The premium user should have access only to premium and basic features. When trying to access admin-only features, we will get “Access Denied” or similar error message.

Admin User:

1.Log in as a Admin user.
2. We can access all the features over the application.

Expected Result:

The admin user should have full access to all the features, including advanced settings, without any restrictions or error messages.

Test Scenario 2:

Creating and Deleting the accounts.

Test Steps:

Account Creation:

1.Creating account with valid credentials.
2.Trying to Signup with the E-mail.

Expected Result:

1.Account creation should succeed only when the password meets the required complexity. If it doesn’t, an error should be shown indicating the password requirements.

2.After successful account creation user should receive their confirmation mail to their corresponding mail.

Account Deletion:

1.Log in to an existing account.
2.Navigate to account settings and select the option to delete the account.

Expected Result:

1.Attempt to log-in back in using the deleted account credentials, an error indicating that the account no longer exists..

Test Scenario 3:

Performance and Unauthorized access.

Test Steps:

1.Log in as a basic, premium, admin users and explore all available features, menus.
2.To check all the features of the mobile application, whether the page is running/loading without any crashes or performance issues.

Expected Result:

1.As a basic or premium user, attempt to access admin-only features the app should display an error message as “Restricted Access” or “Access Denied” .